[Docs] 1.6.3 change log and other updates [1.6.x] (#5721)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/change-log/index.md

(change-log)=
# Change log

> -  [v1.6.4](#v1-6-4-15-june-2024) | [v1.6.2](#v1-6-2-29-march-2024) | [v1.6.1](#v1-6-1-29-february-2024) | [v1.6.0](#v1-6-0-22-february-2024)

Reviewer: you are missing 1.6.3 here

### Documentation
| ID    |Description                                                               |
|-------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ML-4620| Updated [Realtime monitoring and drift detection tutorial](../tutorials/05-model-monitoring.html) and {ref}`monitoring-overview` for the [model monitoring](#model-monitoring) feature introduced in v1.6.0.|
|NA     | New page describing {ref}`log-artifacts`.                                 |
|NA     | New page describing {ref}`parallel-workflows`.                                 |
|NA     | New page describing {ref}`conditional-workflow`.                                 |
|NA     | New page describing {ref}`exithandler-workflow`.                                 |

### Breaking change
| ID          |Description                                                               |
|-------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|ML-6098|The `prediction` and `named_predictions` columns (list of all predictions) were removed from the model monitoring parquet files. Each prediction is still available in a column of its own.|

> ML-6397|`list runs`  API does not return artifacts in the run body. Instead you get a dictionary of artifact_uris with path to the artifacts in the DB. You can get the artifacts only if you use the `get run`API (i.e. when getting a single run). If an artifact is deleted, it will not be returned in the run body.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ML-6397|`list runs`  API does not return artifacts in the run body. Instead you get a dictionary of artifact_uris with store path to the artifacts which can be retrieved via `mlrun.store_manager`. You can get the artifacts in the run status, only if you use the `get run`API (i.e. when getting a single run). If an artifact is deleted, it will not be returned in the run body.|
```
